Yeah, me too.
All right, Bruce, you got your hand
raised?
Yeah, um I
I had a question about kind of
fine-tuning the tone of the AI twin.
So, if I give it more information on
myself, like I was really surprised when
I the more I use ChatGPT,
the more it kind of it like knows stuff.
It knows stuff I forgot to tell it. So,
if I tell like Gemini like
born 1973, spent most of my life on the
East Coast in America, and you know,
this is my education, whatever. Will it
kind of more tailor the tone if I tell
it to to how I talk?
It will. It will. So,
one [clears throat] of the things that
you can do as well as you can go into
ChatGPT,
um especially if you haven't been using
custom custom GPTs. So, all other
ChatGPT conversations are part of its
memory. So, you could go in there and
say, "Hey,
I'm creating a custom Gemini gem, and I
want a knowledge document about me for
it. So, can you draft up a knowledge
document for me to give this Gemini gem
so it knows X, Y, and Z information
about it?" And then, [clears throat]
you know, now you put that in as a
knowledge document, and so now it has
that content as well. So, yeah, you can
definitely do that. Okay, great.
Thanks.
Cool, cool.
Um Bruce,
I'm sorry, Javier.
Uh yeah, Jeremy. Is the Gemini Is any
fee associated to using for us at Mellow
for Fun Factory? Is any fee associated
with that? And this replace can replace
ChatGPT, Jeremy?
How we use it?
How we can maximize the reuse?
I mean, it depends on how technical that
you want to get with it. I mean, the
reality is is that you can set this up
and for 95% of what you're doing, it's
going to be more than capable for it.
Um, you know, and and
this is something that is nice because
it's free. And whenever we uh we we do
the session about notebook LMs,
um the really cool thing with the
notebook LM is you can use those as as
knowledge sources for your custom gyms
that you make.
Um so like my actual gym on my not the
gym and I that I just created on the
fake account or free account
today to do this, but on my other one,
I mean, I've got 10 different um
notebook LMs attached to mine for
knowledge documents.
That's something you can't do in chat
GPT. So,
if we wanted to kind of look at what's
good at what,